[Billing] private storage pricing update (#2255)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/storage-limits.md

### Pay-as-you-go price

> Above the included 1TB (or 1TB per seat) of private storage in [PRO](https://huggingface.co/subscribe/pro) and [Team or Enterprise Organizations](https://huggingface.co/enterprise), additional private storage is available with volume discounts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Above the included 1TB (or 1TB per seat) of private storage in [PRO](https://huggingface.co/subscribe/pro) and [Team or Enterprise Organizations](https://huggingface.co/enterprise), additional private storage is charged to your payment method in Pay-as-you-go mode, at a base price of $18/TB/mo, with the following volume discounts:
```
